docs/work/uiux/conflict-alerts.md, before:

---
tags:
  - uiux
  - user interface
  - user experience
  - vue js
  - tailwind css
  - django
  - ukraine
  - html
  - css
  - javascript
---

# Conflict Alerts

## Project details

[See UI Design](https://conflict-alerts.netlify.app)

[See prototype](https://conflictalerts.com/)

Conflict Alerts is an app to help the Ukrainians.

The current war in Ukraine is troubling for the whole world because of Russia's aggression and how the international community is linked through trade and commerce.  If things get out of hand, this could have catastrophic consequences for the whole world. 

*The premise is to allow locals to upload media to the site which will be marked on a map to help identify enemy location, weapons, and thus be able to determine strategies and tactics.*

There is a project manager, Josh G, a backend team (Django) and a Frontend team (JavaScript). 
The Github project is private at the moment. My responsibilities include branding, graphics, icons, and frontend.
I used Adobe Illustrator to create the icons and logo, and XD to for the wireframes and User Flows.

![Conflict Alerts logo](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/post.jpg)

## Graphics and branding

### Concept 1
The idea was to use the exclamation mark with a signal graphic, similar to what you might see on a radar. 

![Conflict Alerts logo concept 1](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/ca-01.jpg)

### Concept 2
Combining a folded map with the exclamation mark in a triangle, which is universal for an alert.  The group decided to go with this one. 

![Conflict Alerts logo concept 2](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/Conflict-alerts-logo.jpg)

### Icons
Made with Adobe Illustrator.  Each icon represents an incident which could be an enemy sighting (red) or a friendly station (yellow/blue). 

![Conflict Alerts incident icons](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/ca-icons-bigger.png)

## Wireframes
This is a wireframe for a new design. [See prototype](https://conflict-alerts.netlify.app)
It is a work in progress at the moment and the main blocker for release is hooking up the backend data, logic, and responsiveness.

![Conflict Alerts main page wireframe](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/conflict-alerts-wireframe.png)

## User Flows
The main purpose of this site is to allow users to upload videos.  In this case, the user must signup first and then use the 'Upload' video link to select a video.  There are certain decisions that need to be made like location and tags.  The tags will determine what icon gets used and the location is necessary to help Ukrainians look up hot spots. 

![Conflict Alerts post video user flow](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/userflow.png)

Commit message:

added more UI/UX details

docs/work/uiux/conflict-alerts.md, after:

---
tags:
  - uiux
  - user interface
  - user experience
  - vue js
  - tailwind css
  - django
  - ukraine
  - html
  - css
  - javascript
  - europe
  - russia
  - conflict
  - war
---

# Conflict Alerts

![Conflict Alerts logo](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/post.jpg)

## Prototypes

[See UI Design](https://conflict-alerts.netlify.app)

[See prototype](https://conflictalerts.com/)

Conflict Alerts is an app to help the Ukrainians.  There is a project manager, Josh G, a backend team (Django) and a Frontend team (JavaScript). 

## Overview

- Conducted user research, usability testing, based on quantitative data for map based applications
- Designed a new UX flow, UI patterns using design tools to make it easier to determine strategies and tactics
- Explained design decisions to stakeholders
- Worked closely with other developers, data team, and project managers

### Tech stack

- Vue JS
- Tailwind CSS
- Django
- Github
- ArcGIS
- Discord

## Graphics and branding

### Concept 1
The idea was to use the exclamation mark with a signal graphic, similar to what you might see on a radar. 

![Conflict Alerts logo concept 1](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/ca-01.jpg)

### Concept 2
Combining a folded map with the exclamation mark in a triangle, which is universal for an alert.  The group decided to go with this one. 

![Conflict Alerts logo concept 2](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/Conflict-alerts-logo.jpg)

### Icons
Made with Adobe Illustrator.  Each icon represents an incident which could be an enemy sighting (red) or a friendly station (yellow/blue). 

![Conflict Alerts incident icons](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/ca-icons-bigger.png)

## Wireframes
This is a wireframe for a new design. [See prototype](https://conflict-alerts.netlify.app)
It is a work in progress at the moment and the main blocker for release is hooking up the backend data, logic, and responsiveness.

![Conflict Alerts main page wireframe](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/conflict-alerts-wireframe.png)

## User Flows
The main purpose of this site is to allow users to upload videos.  In this case, the user must signup first and then use the 'Upload' video link to select a video.  There are certain decisions that need to be made like location and tags.  The tags will determine what icon gets used and the location is necessary to help Ukrainians look up hot spots. 

![Conflict Alerts post video user flow](/work/uiux/conflict-alerts/userflow.png)
