docs/work/uiux/shaybeas.md, before:

---
tags: 
  - uiux
  - user interface
  - user experience
  - webflow
  - landing page
  - hifi
  - zapier
---

# ShayBeas Enterprises

![Shaybeas website](/work/uiux/shaybeas/shaybeas-hero.png)

## Project Details

[See design](https://shaybeas.webflow.io)

The client is based in Florida, USA and his business specializes in turning leads and referrals into actual customers. It is a unique model for real estate but requires a strong CRM game.

I've come to realize that in business, technology is used to make tasks easier but the real business is done on a **human level**.  This is where the user experience comes in handy.  Knowing the customer well is the first step in creating a solid experience that will generate revenue and expand the business.  Word of mouth marketing has always been the best form of marketing, in any time in history.

## Hi-Fi design

The client requested a Star Trek themed design.  The inspiration was from [First Contact](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117731/)

This project was made with [Webflow](https://www.webflow.com).  Being a designer and used to software like Adobe Photoshop, I picked up Webflow quickly and have to say that it is a powerful software.  However, it does have its limitations.  I noticed that when I added about 10 or so pages, the editor really started to lag.  The other main limitation is that you can only create 2 free minimal projects.  By getting an account subscription you can make an unlimited unhosted projects (unhosted just means that you can't use your own domain until you buy a site specific plan).  Bottom line is that Webfow can get quite expensive if all you want to do is make a few projects for yourself.  

One good thing that should be pointed out, is that billing a client is rather easy.  It's all done within the Webflow dashboard/backend.  Everything is neatly organized with all the projects in one place.

## Zapier

[Zapier](https://zapier.com/) is a cool application that allows you to automate mundane tasks like setting up email alerts.  In this case, the client used Zapier to populate the CRM that he was using. The first step was to collect the data in order to make business decisions, which were to pitch to a lead or referral based on their current needs.

Commit message:

added more UI/UX details

docs/work/uiux/shaybeas.md, after:

---
tags: 
  - uiux
  - user interface
  - user experience
  - webflow
  - landing page
  - hifi
  - zapier
---

# ShayBeas Enterprises

![Shaybeas website](/work/uiux/shaybeas/shaybeas-hero.png)

[See design](https://shaybeas.webflow.io)

## Overview

- Designed landing page 
- Created a new UX flow and UI patterns using design tools
- Worked closely with stakeholders, marketing team, and developers
- Conducted usablity testing for responsiveness, site speed and SEO

### Tech stack

- Webflow
- Illustrator
- Photoshop

## Company details

Shaybeas Enterprises is a real estate company in Florida, USA.  They specialize in taking leads and turning them into clients.  Their unique business model involves using a CRM to build relationships with home sellers and buyers.  

The client requested a Star Trek themed design.  The inspiration was from [First Contact](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117731/)

## Zapier

[Zapier](https://zapier.com/) is a cool application that allows you to automate mundane tasks like setting up email alerts.  In this case, the client used Zapier to populate the CRM that he was using. The first step was to collect the data in order to make business decisions, which were to pitch to a lead or referral based on their current needs.
